Welcome friends to one
new succession farmers go and that
is there a new version today?
just come out white
probably none yet but we
play our new one here
revised version of gta and
then start in the same time
singleplayer I would say and drive
then find a little bit today and
of course , befitting the right order
gangster muggle here
Of course I'm special today
happy when talking that gave years
I would be a bit monotonous today
Of course not good then we start
the same time I'm curious what the
new version has to offer here and there
there are already the first
need electric strikes for the fingers
Maybe we have some gloves
and there is already the icon exactly and
already we have the gloves on the
fumble
that looks already from Vienna
and clean back why can i do it now
roles manure hose not believe
I make the right buttons
but actually it should already be
we just have to put it on in there
but that's happening right now
Something difficult why does that want
not now
I keep pushing all the time here
Well, that sounds like something
because go there
for this, some speak a new one
version and you immediately got one
That's not how it should be
its now come in now
that would have to go there
somehow I have just
coordination difficulties now why
he will not go in there now
I do everything I have before me
read through the manual but now
it seems to go now
well, maybe it has somehow
program here problems the keystrokes
to implement or so well seems now
to work even now
around the gear lever again
but now that he was finally
we turn down the same way
and so wore up to our almost full
then you the hose from what the
already gone the whole thing
hello I do not want to go here
I just want to turn off the hose
what's that for now no I want
also not in I just want to the
finally, this is also now
stupid hose from slowly annoys me
the real hereby the salmon to the
bugs and such and in it and then
hopefully on the tug that we
then slowly come to the end
because today I want to brief only the
Out was not just me with somehow
Torment the tube and catch it
you're about to attach it again
but unbelievably a brand new game then
we must of course somehow
Updates hope
but now she seems to be walking
the hope dies last like me
she's just starting to hang that up again
is there really not what is there
that still is not good now
then we have to stop now I will
I just download an update and
then I will hopefully then
someday you get the barrel emi
can extend because so makes it so
really no fun
so you better wait while buying games
until the latest patches are online
or so was as you can see makes the Sun
really no buck friends so then to
next time i have the problem
I hope I got a grip